README.md, before:

# SpaceX Launches Energy Consumption Calculator

This project provides a visual interface to track SpaceX launches. Users can view a list of launches, select specific launches to track their total energy consumption.

## Features

- **Launch List**: View a list of recent SpaceX launches.(https://spacex-production.up.railway.app/)
- **Select Launches**: Add or remove launches from the selection to track.
- **Calculate Total Energy**: Calculate the total energy consumption based on selected launches.

## Technologies and Systems Used In This Project

-   [React 18](https://github.com/facebook/react)
-   [TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript)
-   [Styled Components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) - For styling
-   [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)
-   [Graphql](https://graphql.org/)
-   [Context Api]- Global Store
-   [Recharts](https://recharts.org/en-US/)

## INSTALLATION

## Local

### 1. Clone the Repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aysebayraktar1/spacex-energy.git
```

### 2. Install Dependencies:

**yarn** is suggested.

```bash
yarn
```

### 3. Run the Development Environment:

```bash
yarn start
```

This will run the app in development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

[http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

Commit message:

chore: demo link to README.md

README.md, after:

# SpaceX Launches Energy Consumption Calculator

This project provides a visual interface to track SpaceX launches. Users can view a list of launches, select specific launches to track their total energy consumption.

# Demo

[SpaceX Energy Consumption](https://spacex-energy-aki5hdlik-aysebayraktar1s-projects.vercel.app/)

## Features

- **Launch List**: View a list of recent SpaceX launches.(https://spacex-production.up.railway.app/)
- **Select Launches**: Add or remove launches from the selection to see energy consumption.
- **Calculate Total Energy**: Calculate the total energy consumption based on selected launches.
- **Data Visualization**: Two graphic views: Launches per year and Rocket Distribution

## Technologies and Systems Used In This Project

-   [React 18](https://github.com/facebook/react)
-   [TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript)
-   [Styled Components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) - For styling
-   [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)
-   [Graphql](https://graphql.org/)
-   [Context Api]- Global Store
-   [Recharts](https://recharts.org/en-US/)

## INSTALLATION

## Local

### 1. Clone the Repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aysebayraktar1/spacex-energy.git
```

### 2. Install Dependencies:

**yarn** is suggested.

```bash
yarn
```

### 3. Run the Development Environment:

```bash
yarn start
```

This will run the app in development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

[http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)
